# CS-255-Makena-Bustos
<h1>Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?</h1>
The DriverPass Project is for creating a system that can improve driver education as the current system has more to be improved on. The system is meant to increase statistics on driving education success. The owner of DriverPass, Liam, wanted to create the system in order to also take advantage of the void in the market.
<h1>What did you do particularly well?</h1>
I think I did particularly well on the system design of things, where I enjoyed creating different UML diagrams consistening of the technical flow of certain areas of the system such as account login and driving test registration. I liked organizing the different components of the system as a whole and having to design how different functions are related and worked together upon with different actors of the system. The different actors help determine the capabilities and permissions that they withold in the system and helped in envisioning the system based on the interview provided to set it up.
<h1>If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?</h1>
I think I could've improved more on the requirements of the system as I was lacking a lot in the functionalities and the non functional requirements of the system. There was a lack of detail in explaining the requirements of the system and the capabilities of sharing this project to it's target audience. There was a lot to be considered of the platform chosen and where certain data can be stored and secured.
<h1>How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?</h1>
I know that the user's needs can start from introducing an interface that is easy to navigate as a client, and it is an important foundation to display user's needs in the system. Such like a profile to display client info and notes but also at the same time the client needed a lot of options within the system to do different things such as having the ability to choose their own training and be able to modify them. What's also important is ensuring client's have the support they need incase the system goes wrong so there can be a sense of quality control in user satisfaction.
<h1>How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?</h1>
The initial interview didn't talk about customer support, in which I believe needs to be added to the overall software as it is beneficial. There would be a requirement of different actors committing to the same task if there is a large volume of clients in need of help and a system that relies on internet to successfully connect from client to admin ( or those who work solely in customer support ). What strategies that always need to be analyzed in the future is both the security of admins and the needs of customers foremost. Having to understand a customer and designing a software that can help a client with their needs in the software and recieving feedback from those clients will help improve a software system as a whole in the long run.
